We had to look at the next configuration and there was this special plugins and modules array.
Now what's the difference what are both plug ins.
Is a very useful feature that allows you to load certain functionalities and execute certain code before
your app is fully rendered and mounted.
And that of course is especially important since you don't have access to that main dot J as file you
typically have in normal of us.
We can actually solve one real problem with plug ins that we have in our app here and that is our components.
Some of the components especially our UI components like the button and the control input are used in
various places like in the admin Post forum.
Therefore we import them here but we also use them for example in the off route here the off page for
the admin section.
Hence we also import them here.
It's really cumbersome to import these components in all our different files pages and components.
Would it be better to set them up as global components and in a normal duet you would do that in the
main.
JS file where you mount your route you innocence.
The problem is we don't have that file but that's exactly what plug ins does for us.
It allows us to plug functionality into the build and mounting process right before the app gets mounted.
So right before does route the instance gets created you could say let me show you how this works in
the plugins folder.
Or simply create a new javascript fall and I'll name it core dash components dot J s the name is totally
up to you though.
This does not have to be a specific name.
It should be really descriptive to you but nothing else.
Now in this file I want to register while core components so components which we constantly reuse.
So if we scan through our various pages post-blast list would be a candidate because we use it here
in the general index the view file and then he posts it makes that useful.
And as I already mentioned a good candidate.
Are our controls app button which we also use and a couple of places.
So let's go back to our core components and let's add these imports.
So simply import app button at the top.
All the import app control input.
And I also want to control the host list.
So let's add this as imports to next very important.
We also import the EU here so we import view from view the main view library the framework itself is
of course a dependency of Nax because Nax builds up on it and now we get a chance of directly using
it with view imported.
We can now call view component and give our component a selector like app button which we're using in
all our templates and then assigning the component we want to register.
And this is now a global component which we can use in any page with our importing and registering it
in that page.
So I would quickly repeat this for app control input and all the four post list.
Now with this we can go to the next conflict file and register this plugin because just adding it in
the plugins folder alone doesn't do the trick.
We should just add there to make it a bit easier to understand our app and find it.
Now I'm using Tilda plugins to point to the plugins folder and then core Dasch component Daut components
dot Geass that is our full path to the file.
With that added year it's now lagging day content of this fall right into the mounting process before
it mounts everything.
And now if we save all the files we can go to our Abra files and get rid of the post list import anti
registration here under local components.
The same here for the Post's folder.
The same here for indexed view in the admin area.
We don't need these two imports.
We can get rid of the components property therefore diddles do that here.
Yes I did then off section.
We don't need to control and button here we can get rid of these components.
Post ID while we need that we could register ebon post for him as a global component too but we only
use it in two places so I guess it's OK.
And it every post forum there we also have potman app control input.
So here we can also get rid of that.
With that if we save all these changed false our app should still work as it did before.
If we navigate around this is all looking good still.
So we're still able to create a new post and see that for and without errors.
But now we use deep flagons approach which of course saves us a lot of time.
We don't have to write the same code over and over again.